How is that possible?
All the money we made was wasted.
I'm not saying you should know
These photos are all ways to donate to charity funds
It's almost seventy or eighty million
What happened?
Didn't spend a dime, just signed a dog head
Fang Dashao, are these true?
Can you give me a reasonable explanation?
Yes, Wang Zhixiang, we are rich.
But we are not stupid and have a lot of money
Our money on the wheel
Into your pocket
Don't believe him, just make some stupid photos
He clearly framed me
What are you doing?
What to eat?
Do you think I am afraid of you?
This last thing two options one
Hand over the operation I want to hand in.
message
Hahaha, thank you.
Why make the prince kneel
Why should I die?
Okay, I'll die like this
These are the ones Hope Elementary accepts donations
In all games, there is no intention that belongs to you.
Fung's Charity Miracle